h1. smd_at_work

Tell visitors your Textpattern website is undergoing maintenance with the flick of a switch.

# Install and enable the plugin [Requires Textpattern 4.7.0+].
# Visit the __Admin > Prefs__ panel.
# Set __Maintenance mode enabled__ on or off as desired and set the optional message to display.

With the switch on, anyone not logged into the admin side will see a 503 error status and your given message. If you set up an @error_503@ Page template, that will be delivered instead.

When maintenance mode is on, a message is displayed in the footer of all admin-side panels to remind you of the fact. Admins also have a link to the preferences panel so they can easily turn it off.

h2. Public tags

There are three public tags available. The tags are of limited use in live templates, but can be very helpful on admin-side dashboards to allow shortcuts for setting the maintenance state of the site.

h3. @<txp:smd_if_at_work>@

Conditional tag, with no attributes, that executes the contained content if the site is in maintenance mode. Supports @<txp:else />@.

h3. @<txp:smd_at_work_status>@

Set the site maintenance state. Attribute:

h4. @status@

Values:

* omitted: toggle status
* 0: set maintenance mode off
* 1: set maintenance mode on

Note that the plugin only checks to see if the tag is used by any logged-in user. If you wish to exact finer-grained control, you must do so in your Page template.

h3. @<txp:smd_at_work_message>@

Display a site maintenance message. Attribute:

h4. @text@

The text to display. If omitted, the system-wide message (as set in prefs) is used.

h2. Example 1: toggle the site state on click of a link

bc.. <txp:adi_gps name="maintenance" quiet="1" />

<txp:if_variable name="maintenance" value="">
<txp:else />
   <txp:smd_at_work_status />
</txp:if_variable>

<txp:smd_if_at_work>
   Maintenance Mode is on. <a href="?event=dashboard&maintenance=1">Make site live</a>.
<txp:else />
   Website is live. <a href="?event=dashboard&maintenance=1">Put it in Maintenance Mode</a>.
</txp:smd_if_at_work>

h2. Author/credits

Cobbled together by "Stef Dawson":https://stefdawson.com/sw, this plugin is a complete rip of the excellent rvm_maintenance plugin, but with the ability to control things via a preference instead of using the plugin's enabled/disabled state. This makes it easier to manage your site's status in a disk-based plugin cache environment where plugins are "always on". Thanks to Ruud van Melick for the original plugin.